README.md, before:

# Fansly Scraper

A simple all in one tool to download and monitor content from Fansly creators.

> **⚠️ Currently in development** - Some features may not work perfectly. See [known issues](#known-issues) below.


## Requirements

- **Optional but highly recommended**: [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) for livestream recording and saving higher quality videos.
- **Optional**: [mt](https://github.com/mutschler/mt) for better contact sheets

## Quick Start

### 1. Download
- **Easy way**: Visit the [download page](https://agnosto.github.io/projects/fansly-scraper/) (auto-detects your system)
- **Manual way**: Get from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper/releases)
- **Intall Via Go**: 
```bash
go install github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper/cmd/fansly-scraper@latest
```

### 2. Run the Program
```bash
./fansly-scraper
```

The program will create a [config](./config.md#location) file for you to edit on first run.

## Basic Usage

### Interactive Mode (Recommended for beginners)
```bash
./fansly-scraper
```

### Command Line Mode
```bash
# Download all content from a creator
./fansly-scraper -u {creator-name}

# Download specific content types
./fansly-scraper -u {creator-name} -d [all|timeline|messages|stories]

# Monitor for live streams
./fansly-scraper -m {creator-name}

# Start/stop monitoring
./fansly-scraper monitor [start|stop]
```

**Note**: Live monitoring requires keeping your terminal session active. To run monitoring in the background, consider using terminal multiplexers like [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki) or [zellij](https://github.com/zellij-org/zellij) on Linux/WSL. Starting from v0.6.3, you can monitor additional creators by running `-m creator` in separate terminal instances without restarting the existing monitor process.

### Update the Program
```bash
./fansly-scraper update
```

## Advanced Setup

- **Configuration options**: See [config.md](./config.md)
- **Development roadmap**: See [TRACKER.md](./TRACKER.md)
- **Build from source**:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper && cd fansly-scraper
  go build -v -ldflags "-w -s" -o fansly-scraper ./cmd/fansly-scraper
  ```

## Known Issues

- **Chat recording**: May occasionally miss messages during reconnections
- **MacOS users**: May need to allow notifications in [system settings](https://github.com/gen2brain/beeep/issues/67#issuecomment-2646474049)
- **Live status**: Press `r` in TUI to refresh live status
- **Duplicate files**: Sometimes the same image may appear twice due to Fansly's API structure
- **Date formats for livestream filename**: In the event a stream gets interrupted and reattempts to record, if the date format isn't specific enough (ie, no timestamp), it may fail to save the stream after as both vods will be the same name, for now use one of these: `2006-01-02_15:04:05` or `20060102_150405`

## Support the Project

If this tool helps you, consider donating:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><strong>Bitcoin (BTC)</strong></td>
    <td align="center"><strong>Solana (SOL)</strong></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="./assets/btc_qr.png" alt="Bitcoin QR Code" width="200"/>
      <p><code>bc1q0e78wrtc9ezp6tqv000wfewgqf2ue4tpzdk7ee</code></p>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="./assets/sol_qr.png" alt="Solana QR Code" width="200"/>
      <p><code>Bv3kYZcwSTHXAQtnPddTF27D3F6Gc29v2MfFLqmGF6Gf</code></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **Disclaimer**: This tool is not affiliated with Fansly or Select Media LLC. Use at your own risk. The developer of this script is not responsible for the end users' actions or any outcomes that may be taken upon the end users' account. Use at your own risk.

Commit message:

feat: automated auth capture + setup wizard
Adds local capture server and TUI integration for one-line token/user-agent capture; adds ResetConfig and hardens config creation/update; updates README/config docs; expands .gitignore for logs and local DB; various UI/flow improvements.

README.md, after:

# Fansly Scraper

A simple all in one tool to download and monitor content from Fansly creators.

> **⚠️ Currently in development** - Some features may not work perfectly. See [known issues](#known-issues) below.


## Requirements

- **Optional but highly recommended**: [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) for livestream recording and saving higher quality videos.
- **Optional**: [mt](https://github.com/mutschler/mt) for better contact sheets

## Quick Start

### 1. Download
- **Easy way**: Visit the [download page](https://agnosto.github.io/projects/fansly-scraper/) (auto-detects your system)
- **Manual way**: Get from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper/releases)
- **Intall Via Go**: 
```bash
go install github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper/cmd/fansly-scraper@latest
```

### 2. Run the Program
```bash
./fansly-scraper
```

On first run, the setup wizard helps you configure everything. Press 'a' to use auto login: it opens Fansly and provides a one‑line snippet to paste in DevTools Console. Your token and user‑agent are captured automatically and saved to the config.

## Basic Usage

### Interactive Mode (Recommended for beginners)
```bash
./fansly-scraper
```

From the main menu you can:
- Run setup wizard (choose save location, auto login)
- Reset configuration (restore defaults, re-run wizard)

### Command Line Mode
```bash
# Download all content from a creator
./fansly-scraper -u {creator-name}

# Download specific content types
./fansly-scraper -u {creator-name} -d [all|timeline|messages|stories]

# Monitor for live streams
./fansly-scraper -m {creator-name}

# Start/stop monitoring
./fansly-scraper monitor [start|stop]
```

**Note**: Live monitoring requires keeping your terminal session active. To run monitoring in the background, consider using terminal multiplexers like [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/wiki) or [zellij](https://github.com/zellij-org/zellij) on Linux/WSL. Starting from v0.6.3, you can monitor additional creators by running `-m creator` in separate terminal instances without restarting the existing monitor process.

### Update the Program
```bash
./fansly-scraper update
```

## Advanced Setup

- **Configuration options**: See [config.md](./config.md)
- **Development roadmap**: See [TRACKER.md](./TRACKER.md)
- **Build from source**:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/agnosto/fansly-scraper && cd fansly-scraper
  go build -v -ldflags "-w -s" -o fansly-scraper ./cmd/fansly-scraper
  ```

## Known Issues

- **Chat recording**: May occasionally miss messages during reconnections
- **MacOS users**: May need to allow notifications in [system settings](https://github.com/gen2brain/beeep/issues/67#issuecomment-2646474049)
- **Live status**: Press `r` in TUI to refresh live status
- **Duplicate files**: Sometimes the same image may appear twice due to Fansly's API structure
- **Date formats for livestream filename**: In the event a stream gets interrupted and reattempts to record, if the date format isn't specific enough (ie, no timestamp), it may fail to save the stream after as both vods will be the same name, for now use one of these: `2006-01-02_15:04:05` or `20060102_150405`

## Support the Project

If this tool helps you, consider donating:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><strong>Bitcoin (BTC)</strong></td>
    <td align="center"><strong>Solana (SOL)</strong></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="./assets/btc_qr.png" alt="Bitcoin QR Code" width="200"/>
      <p><code>bc1q0e78wrtc9ezp6tqv000wfewgqf2ue4tpzdk7ee</code></p>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="./assets/sol_qr.png" alt="Solana QR Code" width="200"/>
      <p><code>Bv3kYZcwSTHXAQtnPddTF27D3F6Gc29v2MfFLqmGF6Gf</code></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

> [!CAUTION]
> **Disclaimer**: This tool is not affiliated with Fansly or Select Media LLC. Use at your own risk. The developer of this script is not responsible for the end users' actions or any outcomes that may be taken upon the end users' account. Use at your own risk.
